## python-challenge

# Module 3 Homework

PyBank
>>>My code uses a for loop to run through all the rows in the csv file. It first adds a month for every row to get the total months value, and then it compares the current month to the previous month. If the current month is 0, that means the code is on row 1 and there is no previous month to compare to for the change value. If there is a previous month, it subtracts the previous month from the current month to find the value for change. To calculate total change, it continuosly adds change into total change while it loops through the rows. The average change is then calculated by dividing the total change by the total number of months. It then uses an if statement while looping through rows to decide if the change of the current row is larger or smaller than the current greatest increase or decrease, and updates the greatest increase and decrease values accordingly. All the calculations are then printed to the terminal and exported as a txt file. 

PyPoll
>>>My code uses a for loop to run through all the rows in the csv file. The first thing it does is add 1 to the total votes variable for every row in the file. It then creates a dictionary to store all the candidates as the keys, and their number of votes as the values. If the candidate in the current row is not already in the dictionary as a key, it adds them and counts a vote. If the current candidate is already in the dictionary as a key, it adds a vote for every row it loops through. These votes are then divided by the total votes to calculate the percentage of votes that each candidate recieved. Lastly, it uses the max function to grab the candidate with most votes out of the dictionary. All the calculations are then printed to the terminal and exported as a txt file. 
